# Munchie Match Online Privacy Policy

In this privacy policy, we will explain how Bouchard Industries Corp (Referred to as we, our, us or "Bouchard Industries Corp") and our external third party associates gather, utilize, analyze and share information about you within the game "Munchie Match Online". We take your privacy seriously. Your information will not be shared with anyone other than our third party associates listed in this privacy policy. We understand your privacy is important to you. We will do our best to collect minimal amounts of information.
 If you do not agree to this privacy policy, do not download, use and/or play "Munchie Match Online." 
 When you acquire, use and/or play "Munchie Match Online" you agree to this privacy policy. You agree that we may collect information from you. 
 Some of your data is collected by our third party associates. We are not responsible for the actions of our associates. We remain vigilant and consistently communicate with our associates to insure they do not collect unnecessary or excessive information about you. We also ensure they can meet all of your needs and rights. If one of our third party associates gets a data breach for any reason, we will notify you as soon as this information becomes available to us.
 
Currently, the game is only available in Africa, Middle East and India, Latin America and the Caribbean, Asia Pacific (excluding china), United States and Canada. We are working on bringing the game world wide. 
 
If for any reason our third party associates made mistakes in their libraries, they should be held responsible as we cannot see their code. But we will do our best to ensure that their API's are working correctly. 
 Do not use private information when you create your account on Game Center or Skillz. One example would be someone placing their real name as a username for these services. This may be considered private information. With these services, you may have the option to chat with other players. Please do not share private information with these players. Do not add strangers as friends on these services as they may be able to see your real name even though you used a different name as your username. If you have any concerns over this, please contact us at: eric@bouchardindustries.com or contact Apple.
 Other data our third party associates may collect include: basic usage metrics, retention metrics, category interest profiles, category benchmarks, age/gender estimations, user acquisition analytics, ability to review city-level geographic data, device information, IP addresses, etc. The reason this information is tracked is to bring you tailored ads, analyze demographics to see if it generally affects different behavior within the game, and to see if any device specific issues arise. To opt out of information being tracked from you by Apple, you need to contact them.
 For a more extensive list of events that our third party associates may track, please check their privacy policy here: 
 -Apple https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/ and https://www.apple.com/ca/legal/privacy/en-ww/ 
-Sdkbox http://www.sdkbox.com/privacy   -Cocos2dx: http://cocos2d-x.org/privacy_policy 
-https://www.skillz.com/privacy-policy/ -Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php 
 Age required play "Munchie Match Online" 17 If your age is lower than 17, do not play "Munchie Match Online", we do not knowingly collect, and do not want to collect information about children.    Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in your jurisdiction. Bouchard Industries Corp. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. No transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.   Bouchard Industries Corp. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: To comply with a legal obligation, To protect and defend the rights or property of Bouchard Industries Corp., To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service, To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public, To protect against legal liability.   The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.   We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. 
 We are not responsible if our third party associates suddenly carelessly store your information. If we find out any of our third party does not take security seriously, we will attempt to contact you immediately and give you an option on if you would like express your rights with your data. Once that process is complete, with your permission, we will require that they delete all of your information and we will terminate our association with them once every user is satisfied. 
 Depending on where you live and/or your citizenship, you may have extra options about your privacy rights. Some of these rights may include but are not limited too: Access , Deletion , Restriction, Objection, etc. All of our third party associates store this information and are able to do this request for you. We will contact each third party associate to provide you any of these services. Each of our third party associates have this ability. If they are not responsive and/or refuse to provide you any of these services, they should be held responsible. In some situations, depending on your jurisdiction, we may only have 30 days to finish your request. If we can't finish your request within this time frame, we may request an extension from your jurisdiction. In the event that third party associates may try to protect your information from us, they may require you to contact them with your request. In that event, we will send you email(s) to contact along with instructions for your request.
 Links To Other Sites   Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every website you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party websites or services.   Changes To This Privacy Policy   We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. If you would like to be notified when this privacy policy is changing, please send us an email at: Eric@bouchardindustries.com and ask to be notified when this privacy policy changes.  "Munchie Match Online" is offered on iTunes. This platforms may gather and use personal information. We do not have full control over this. Users can find the privacy policy for this platforms listed here: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/ & https://www.apple.com/ca/legal/privacy/en-ww/   Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy. We can be reached at eric@bouchardindustries.com.   
Note: For us to be able to contact you, please send us your email at Eric@bouchardindustries.com and say that you would like to subscribe to privacy updates on "Munchie Match Online". We will send you emails concerning your privacy.

We mainly use Facebook sdk to track installs for our marketing with Skillz. Other events may be tracked like new users, unique users, daily retention, session length sessions, app launches, app installs and more. To refer to other events that facebook may track, please visit this website: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php 

NOTE: STARTING SEPTEMBER 2019, WE WILL BE WORKING WITH SKILLZ FOR THIS CONTEST: "Skillz Indie Ignite Season 2". WE HAVE GIVEN THEM ACCESS TO OUR FACEBOOK SDK ANALYTICS INFORMATION. YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED WITH THEM. HERE IS THEIR PRIVACY POLICY:https://www.skillz.com/privacy-policy/
